Welcome to this quick introduction to HTML.
In this video, you'll learn the basics of how web pages are structured.
HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language.
It’s the standard language used to create the content of web pages.
Let’s start with the basic structure of an HTML document.
Every HTML file begins with a doctype and the `` tag.
Inside the ``, we have two main parts: the `` and the ``.
The `` contains metadata, links to stylesheets, and the page title.
The `` contains all the visible content shown on the page.
Let’s now add a heading using the `` tag.
Next, we’ll add a paragraph using the `` tag.
These tags help structure your content so browsers can display it correctly.
There are also semantic elements like ``, ``, and ``.
They help give meaning to the different parts of your page.
Now you know the basic structure of an HTML page!
Keep practicing and you’ll be building full webpages in no time.
Thanks for watching, and don’t forget to like and subscribe!
[Music plays]